In frontend-sv/src/lib/components/onboarding/RoleSelection.svelte around lines
92 to 94, the find operation uses the any type which disables TypeScript's type
checking. Define a Role interface with id and title properties and update the
data prop type to use Role[] for roles. Then remove the any type annotation from
the find callback to enable proper type safety.


In frontend-sv/src/lib/components/onboarding/steps/BasicInfoStep.svelte between
lines 27 and 50, the current email validation regex is too simplistic and may
not correctly validate all valid email formats. To fix this, replace the basic
regex with a more comprehensive pattern that covers a wider range of valid
emails or, preferably, integrate a validation library like Zod for email
validation to ensure robustness and consistency with the rest of the project.
Update both the errors and isValid checks to use the improved validation method.


In frontend-sv/src/lib/schemas/onboarding-schema.ts around lines 130 to 132, the
use of .optional() on spread properties is invalid syntax. To fix this, remove
the .optional() calls from the spread properties and instead implement
role-specific validation using a discriminated union on the 'role' field. Define
the onboarding schema as a base object with common fields, then use .and() with
z.discriminatedUnion to conditionally apply the appropriate schema shape based
on the role value.


In frontend-sv/src/lib/components/onboarding/RoleSelection.svelte around lines
92 to 94, the find operation uses the any type which disables TypeScript's type
checking. Define a Role interface with id and title properties and update the
data prop type to use Role[] for roles. Then remove the any type annotation from
the find callback to enable proper type safety.

In frontend-sv/src/routes/api/onboarding/complete/+server.ts lines 25 to 48, the
URL for the role update API call is incorrectly constructed by appending
'/api/update-role' to the full request URL, which includes the path and causes
an invalid URL. Fix this by using the request's origin property to get the base
URL and then append '/api/update-role' to it for the fetch call.

In frontend-sv/src/lib/components/onboarding/onboarding-state.svelte.ts around
lines 278 to 294, the current code uses a type assertion to access stepSchemas
with the role key, which may cause runtime errors if the role is not present in
stepSchemas. To fix this, add a type guard to check if the role exists as a key
in stepSchemas before accessing it, and handle the case where it does not exist
by returning undefined or a default validation schema.


In frontend-sv/src/lib/components/onboarding/onboarding-state.svelte.ts around
lines 168 to 178, the validateStep method catches validation errors but does not
log or expose the error details, unlike validateCurrentStep. Modify validateStep
to catch the error and log or handle the error details consistently, ensuring
that validation failures provide useful debugging information similar to
validateCurrentStep.


In frontend-sv/src/lib/db/schema/onboarding-schema.ts at line 234, the formData
field is currently typed as Record<string, any>, which reduces type safety.
Define a specific interface, e.g., OnboardingFormData, with all expected fields
and their types, then update the formData field to use
jsonb("form_data").$type<OnboardingFormData>() to improve type checking and
maintainability.


In frontend-sv/src/lib/db/onboarding.ts around lines 133 to 142, the code uses
non-null assertions on role-specific fields without validation, risking runtime
errors if fields are missing. Add explicit checks to validate that required
fields like startupName, startupStage, teamSize, and startupDescription are
present before using them. If any required field is missing, handle the error
appropriately (e.g., throw an error or return a validation failure). Apply
similar validation logic for the investor and supporter roles to ensure all
required fields for those roles are checked before use.


In frontend-sv/src/lib/components/onboarding/onboarding-state.svelte.ts lines
255 to 272, the getCurrentUserId method insecurely reads the user ID from
localStorage, which is out of sync with the backend authentication using
HTTP-only cookies. Replace this method to parse the user ID from the client-side
cookies by importing and using a cookie parsing library to read the 'user'
cookie, then safely parse its JSON content to extract the ID. For better
security and consistency, consider marking the 'user' cookie as httpOnly on the
server and exposing the authenticated user via a server load function, then
accessing it in Svelte through the page data or store instead of client-side
cookie parsing.
